# Investment-analysis-and-visual-representation
##Introduction
With ever-increasing inflation and never foreseen geopolitical conflicts, it is the need of the day to be financially stable and have investments. Every person has understood without properly channeling their wealth, they can lose a lot just by inflation. Institutes have been working on bringing more and more schemes and funds to attract retail investors. Mutual funds have captured the market by a large. They work on the basic principle that a fund manager will pool money from investors and invest the lump sum into various shares of companies that will perform well as per the knowledge of the fund manager. For this, they charge a small percentage of profits as a fee. There are many types of mutual funds out there categorizing from the types of stocks they invest to the minimum investable amount.
The market is flooded with various types of equity funds, debt funds, and hybrid funds. But the retail investor has barely any time and knowledge to dig deep into the financial aspects of every fund that is out there and understand which best suits the requirement. It is crucial to query this issue and provide retail investors with a solution that will help them to get the best fund for their requirements and have a visual representation and a brief analysis of the fund.
##Abstract
An investment is an asset or item acquired with the goal of generating income or appreciation. Mutual funds are an easy way to start with investment and work for financial stability. Our platform provides a solution to encourage more and more investors to begin investing. We approach this by suggesting the best fund for investors' requirements by comparing various parameters of the fund. It also gives a brief analysis and a visual representation which would help the investor get a glance at the fund and its parameters. The analysis contains a short easily understandable summary of complex parameters related to the fund and visual representation gives a peek at how the fund has performed in past.

## Resources
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/14MmrirK6KcBp8EVPv8FHSrT3TDQITSLf?usp=sharing
